have we done stove I think so have we
done tree yes trailer sister tree I
think we've done palm tree but we've not
that we haven't done like full-fledged
you got for real tree a tree tree tree
okay no I'm not very confident with my
wood right now you're not I know I've
got a good base for my wood my wood is
standing tall and proud my will is my
what is standing tall but doesn't look
very proud all right is that you I see
you and you're in an alleyway oh ok I'll
be way from you know from one tree to
another you should make it right are you
like almost touching my tip no are you
like around the corner re on the corner
ya like like are you are you kind of
going on the roof no I'm not kind of
gone I'm around the court like you just
a little shit don't know well I was you
all right damn it god damn it haha get
your wood could not withstand this round
they have lost the battle but not the
wood we've probably done all the things
with chairs and stuff right I feel have
we done wooden table I don't know it's
really far down there let's just do it
let's just do it an attractive wooden
table we've we've been handling a lot of
wood today we've got our trees again
well what can I say I like to handle
what I love oh yeah it's my favorite
okay but for real where the hell goes on
what a table don't ask the questions you
don't need you don't need the answer i
just figured out you know I kind of need
the answers for it because I don't know
where the fuck I'm going fuck I mean I'm
right there oh good god ok well you
don't like that that might work
hey this looks so out of place I'm right
there with you looks really out of place
only only chance I have his miracles how
many chance i have is miracles I don't
believe in miracles this is fucked up
I'm I'm a shop vendor what are you I'm
in just our room it's real the script oh
you can edit it you can edit it yeah huh
oh shit good Paul this makes me so
excited now all fuck it resets the angle
of her camp on your table balls that way
there this doesn't fit at all i'm
indoors with a bed kind of beside me and
I have a paint can maybe that's maybe
that's not not what I need to do maybe
that's not what I need to do I need a
box I need a box oh dear God oh no oh no
oh I just move I got it reset everything
ah ok that's all right ok this is ok all
right I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm
here and I'm ready ok I still have a
tire on me and I'm indoors but uh you
know he's changing their tires and doors
that's fine and maybe it's raining
outside we don't catching them yeah
upstairs in their bedroom is probably
the ideal place to change it anyway oh
yeah anyways we're top seven by the way
you serious yeah it's yes i am a
superior wooden table I you're just
really good with wood well I'm awfully
good oh I was nervous but I got grenaded
bullshit could heat up when you stabbed
me but then he like stopped and I didn't
die and then
to solar and then it was all going
downhill from there so you've got the
master of wood though I'm pretty
impressed I am Astro master of wood okay
I feel like we've done every light I
know I'm really bummed so what about
your favorite go is your favourite
object who's your favorite object and
then I'll just all I the skinniest pole
streetlight the streetlight you do like
no girth no problem that helps you
always say it's my motto all right no
girls no problem where am I gonna be
ironically there's not a lot of street
lights like I thought there would be
quite a few more yeah there's actually
none um we're fucked there's not a
single streetlight and we coordinate
hiding so we can light it by day you
know what screw it I'm gonna go as a I'm
gonna go as a telegraph pole because I
found I found a wire wow you can't just
change like that fuck you Telegraph when
you meet you whatever you I'd just
changed a little it's a law just want to
be alone so fucked ok this works this
works oh god there's a tree in front of
me cuz this works this doesn't work I'm
there's mobile sandbags mobile well bank
said it had fun didn't I had fun writing
no I'm girl like Dan fuck I know where
I've gotta go I'm doing I open this
ignore my like jiggly sandbags but damn
I don't know what they're trying to you
nobody look over here i am just the
telephone ok no he ran right past me so
that's the kiss me hope he shut up the
other one oh no it's your life please
guy ok he ok he ran past me shot the
other two other telegraph pole and then
just came back and ran past me again
nobody's run past me yet so i haven't
had the unfortunate you know
nerve-racking that you've had oh man i'm
gonna rack your nerves dad uh I don't
know what that entails that sounds not
that great i actually sound that flows
to be honest yeah um-hmm I don't know
how I looked better than that one but
that makes me feel better about myself
my self conscious is you know feel a
little better feeling the left was so
calm oh god fuck I'm dead ha how did he
kill me wait what that guy killed me he
didn't even look at me I just dropped
dead this game free he's did your leg
was your jacket back dude i'm sure mount
it gets stuck where are you add you know
dirty cheater hooker don't do it don't
shoot me I don't know what I'm oh sorry
if it's me but don't shoot me okay don't
shoot me I found the one light pool
don't shoot it well uh huh where oh
where could you be Mike Wazowski I don't
know dead maybe are you dead yeah I was
taught three that's pretty good man I'm
proud of you well I had fun handling
tall skinny fools but uh yeah this was a
really phallic episode here it was I
wanna get a lot of dick a lot of long
skinny things I'm okay with that